## Project 6 Reflection

I wanted to create a UI that generated color palettes based on the random() function, but one that also allowed the user to manipulate the color palette based on their personal aesthetic decisions. I thus allowed for a completely random color palette generating option, random palette selections based on red, blue, and green (that include versions of pinks, purples, teals, and yellows within each choice), and a "selector" option that allows the user to generate a palette based on their favorite generated color. I personally feel like this last option allows the user a lot of flexibility on generating their palette, allowing a streamlined process of decisions that the computer provides based on the user input (the palette that is randomly generated is based on the rgb values of the chosen square, done by the user). 

This UI is intended for audiences who don't want to waste time picking their colors among an infinite number of options. Instead, they can rely on decisions from a computer that change based on their input. In this way, the user can achieve a color palette of similar/related colors that they can then use. In this way, I am supporting the practices of comparison between alternatives and exploration that go hand in hand with human-supported computer decisions. 

I wanted this color picker to be extremely easy to use and intuitive for the user. There are a limited number of selections (done using dropdown menu/slider) that the user can control and explore, and there is clicking functionality only that is used for the "selector" mode. I think that the expressiveness here comes from the randomly generated values from the computer (every time, it will be unique), as well as the user's personal aesthetic decisions to drive their generated results (in the selector mode).